docs/resources/prefixed_unique_id.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "internals_prefixed_unique_id Resource - terraform-provider-internals"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource internals_prefixed_unique_id exposes the internal sdk helper function
  PrefixedUniqueId which is used by resources such as awss3bucket to name a bucket from
  the bucket_prefix argument.
  The prefix will be appended with 26
  characters.
  This resource was created to solve the issue of circular dependencies i.e. when using bucketprefix and
  requiring a logging configuration to use the bucket name for the targetprefix.
  To use this resource, define it and use the id attribute to set resource name/id instead
  of using the built in *_prefix arguments.
---

# internals_prefixed_unique_id (Resource)

The resource `internals_prefixed_unique_id` exposes the internal sdk helper function
`PrefixedUniqueId` which is used by resources such as aws_s3_bucket to name a bucket from
the bucket_prefix argument.

The prefix will be appended with 26
characters.

This resource was created to solve the issue of circular dependencies i.e. when using bucket_prefix and
requiring a logging configuration to use the bucket name for the target_prefix.

To use this resource, define it and use the `id` attribute to set resource name/id instead
of using the built in *_prefix arguments.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **prefix** (String) Id prefix

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The generated id

Commit message:

set prefix when importing internals_prefixed_unique_id
separate prefix from the unique part of the id with a comma

docs/resources/prefixed_unique_id.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "internals_prefixed_unique_id Resource - terraform-provider-internals"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource internals_prefixed_unique_id makes available the sdk helper function
  PrefixedUniqueId which is used by resources such as awss3bucket to name a bucket from
  the bucket_prefix argument.
  The prefix will be appended with 26 characters.
  This resource was created to solve the issue of circular dependencies i.e. when using bucket_prefix and
  requiring a logging configuration to use the bucket name for the target_prefix.
  To use this resource, define it and use the id attribute to set resource name/id instead
  of using the built in *_prefix arguments.
---

# internals_prefixed_unique_id (Resource)

The resource `internals_prefixed_unique_id` makes available the sdk helper function
`PrefixedUniqueId` which is used by resources such as aws_s3_bucket to name a bucket from
the bucket_prefix argument.

The prefix will be appended with 26 characters.

This resource was created to solve the issue of circular dependencies i.e. when using `bucket_prefix` and
requiring a logging configuration to use the bucket name for the `target_prefix`.

To use this resource, define it and use the `id` attribute to set resource name/id instead
of using the built in *_prefix arguments.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "internals_prefixed_unique_id" "example" {
  prefix = "foo"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **prefix** (String) Id prefix, set to empty string to disable prefix

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The generated id

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# separate the prefix from the unique part of the id with a comma

terraform import internals_prefixed_unique_id foo,20220107181856110700000001
```
